Beta Testing User Script 1

Thank you for joining our beta testing stage. Please complete the following tests in the order they have been provided.
This script has actions that need to be performed by an admin, please ensure that you have an admin with you to guide
this process. If you encounter any errors throughout the process please inform the admin so we can continue to improve
our website.

To start, go to this link: https://cs-3240-my-study-buddy.herokuapp.com/

Test 1: Google login and on homepage
   1) Click on the button in the center of the screen labeled "Login With Google". If the button is not seen, please
      inform the admin of the missing button.
   2) Try signing in with a Google account (that is NOT a virginia.edu account). If this did not work please inform the
      admin member.
   3) Assuming there was no previous log in, a screen to edit profile should be seen. If this information is not
      accurate, please inform the admin of the missing/inaccurate information.
   4) Make no edits and click the button labeled "Save Profile". If the button is not seen, please inform the admin of
      the missing button.
   5) The account info page with the logged in email should be seen, if this information is not accurate, please inform
      the admin of the missing/inaccurate information
   6) Click on the words "Study Buddy" in the upper left hand corner
   7) The homepage with "Welcome to the Study Buddy App" should be seen, if this information is not accurate, please
      inform the admin of any missing/inaccurate information
   8) Please inform the admin member about any comments on the login process.

Test 2: User is able to add a course to their own course load
   1) If not logged in on homepage, follow Test 1
   2) Click on "Update Course Schedule" in the middle of the screen. If this is not seen, please inform the admin of the
      missing information.
   3) Click on the search bar with placeholder text of "Search for departments.."
   4) Type "cs"
   5) Click on the button labeled "CS", if this button is not seen, please inform the admin of the missing button.
   6) A screen with "Choose the class you would like to find a study buddy in" bolded should be seen on the screen. If
      this information is not accurate, please inform the admin of any missing/inaccurate information.
   7) Click on the search bar with placeholder text of "Search for courses in CS.."
   8) Type "3240"
   9) Click on the button labeled
       "CS3240: Advanced Software Development Techniques
       Instructor: Mark Sherriff
       (Section: 002)"
       If this button is not seen, please inform the admin of the missing button.
   10) A screen asking "Would you like to enroll in this course?" along with "Yes, enroll in this course." already
       preselected should be seen. If this information is not accurate, please inform the admin of any missing/inaccurate
       information.
   11) Click on the button labeled "Continue". If this button is not seen, please inform the admin of the missing button.
   12) The homepage with "CS 3240 - Section: 002" beneath "Update Course Schedule" should be seen. If this information
       is not accurate, please inform the admin of any missing/inaccurate information
   13) Please inform the admin member about any comments on the process to add a course to the course schedule.

Test 3: User is able to make a post with default values for only the section they are enrolled in
   1) If not logged in on homepage, follow Test 1
   2) If "CS 3240 - Section: 002" is not seen on homepage, follow Test 2 to add the course
   3) Click on the button labeled "CS 3240 - Section: 002", located beneath "Update Course Schedule" near the center of
      the screen. If the button is not seen, please inform the admin of the missing button.
   4) The screen should show the following:
       "Find study buddy for:
        CS3240: Advanced Software Development Techniques
        Instructor: Mark Sherriff
        (Section: 002)"
       If this information is not accurate, please inform the admin of any missing/inaccurate information
   5) Click on the button labeled "Create a post!", located on the bottom right of the words from step 4. If this button
      is not seen, please inform the admin of the missing button.
   6) The screen should show the following:
       "Make a study buddy post for:
        CS3240: Advanced Software Development Techniques
        Instructor: Mark Sherriff
        (Section: 002)"
       If this information is not accurate, please inform the admin of any missing/inaccurate information
   7) Do not edit anything on the screen and click the button labeled "Submit Post", if this button is not seen, please
      inform the admin of the missing button.
      **Admin take a look at lines 72-77 in admin script for changes that have been made
   8) The same screen from step 4 should be seen
   9) If not already seen on the screen, scroll down to see "Studybuddy posts for this course" along with the new post
      made in step 7
      "No topic was provided by the author of this post
      Author: <name of user from login>
      Time Frame: <today’s date> to <a week from today>"
      If this information is not accurate, please inform the admin of any missing/inaccurate information
      **Admin take a look at lines 79-80 in admin script for some inaccurate information to expect
   10) Please inform the admin member about any comments on the process to make a post.

Test 4: User is able to delete a post they made
   1) If not logged in on homepage, follow Test 1
   2) If "CS 3240 - Section: 002" is not seen on the homepage, follow Test 2 to add course
   3) If a post has not been made, follow Test 3
   4) If not already seen on the screen, scroll down to see "Studybuddy posts for this course"
   5) Look for the post made in Test 3 and click on the button labeled "Delete Post" beneath the post made from step 9
      of Test 3. If this button is not seen, please inform the admin of the missing button
   6) Be on the same page and no longer see the post from step 9 of Test 3. If this information is not accurate, please
      inform the admin of the missing/inaccurate information.
   7) Please inform the admin member about any comments on the process to delete a post.

Test 5: User is able to message another user to study together
   **Note: admin should check admin script (Lines 17-31) for actions to perform before testing with the user
   1) If not logged in on homepage, follow Test 1
   2) If "CS 3240 - Section: 002" is not seen on the homepage, follow Test 2 to add course
   3) Look for the following on the screen:
       "Find study buddy for:
       CS3240: Advanced Software Development Techniques
       Instructor: Mark Sherriff
       (Section: 002)"
       If not seen, follow steps 3 and 4 in Test 3
   5) If not already seen on the screen, scroll down to see "Studybuddy posts for this course" and find the following
      post:
       "Beta Testing
       Author: adminX
       Time Frame: 11-22-2022 to 12-09-2022"
       If this information is not accurate, please inform the admin of the missing/inaccurate information.
       **Admin take a look at line 85 in admin script for an expected change
   6) Hover over the button labeled "View Description" and "this post is made for beta testing script 1" should be seen
      as a pop up with a gray background.  If this information is not accurate, please inform the admin of the
      missing/inaccurate information.
      **Admin take a look at line 86 in admin script for an expected change
   7) Click on the button labeled "Message Me!". If this button is not seen, please inform the admin of the missing
      button.
   8) The screen should show the following: "CS3240 - Beta Testing"
      Along with the users in this meeting room: adminX and the name from login, if there isn't a name, the logged in
      email should be seen. If this information is not accurate, please inform the admin of the missing/inaccurate
      information.
   ** Note: Admin should check admin script (Lines 34-41) for actions before proceeding
   9) Click on the message bar with "Your message" as a placeholder.
   10) Type "Hi! Let's study together!".
   11) Click the button labeled "Send". If the button is not seen, please inform the admin of the missing button.
   ** Note: Admin should check admin script (Lines 43-48) for actions before proceeding
   12) The following message should be seen on the screen: "adminX : Yes!". If this information is not accurate, please
       inform the admin of the missing/inaccurate information.
   13) Please inform the admin member about any comments on the process to chat with other users.

Test 6: User should be able to schedule a study session and see alerts when fields are not filled in properly
   1) If the following is not seen: "CS3240 - Beta Testing", follow Test 5
   2) If not already seen on the screen, scroll down to see and click on a button labeled "Schedule Study Session". If
      this button is not seen, please inform the admin of the missing button.
   3) The screen should show the following:
      "Schedule a study session for:
      CS3240 - Beta Testing"
      If this information is not accurate, please inform the admin of the missing/inaccurate information.
   4) Click the button labeled "Schedule". If the button is not seen, please inform the admin of the missing button.
   5) An alert saying should be seen:
      "All fields must be filled in, the following fields are not filled:
      Date
      Start Time
      End Time"
     If this information is not accurate, please inform the admin of the missing/inaccurate information.
   6) Click "Close" or "Ok" or any related button to close the alert (This is different depending on browser)
   7) Schedule a study session with the following fields:
      Date: 12/10/2022
      Start Time: 01:00 PM
      End Time: 02:00 PM
   8) Click on the button labeled "Schedule". If this button is not seen, please inform the admin of the missing button.
   9) The screen should show the following: "My Upcoming Study Sessions". If this information is not accurate, please
      inform the admin of the missing/inaccurate information.
   10) **Admin check line 90 in admin script for a modification to this instruction
       Click on the dropdown labeled "Sent Study Session Requests"
   11) The following should be seen:
       "Study session for: Beta Testing
       Scheduled on: 12-10-2022
       Time Frame: 13:00 to 14:00"
       Along with a button labeled "Delete". If this information is not accurate, please inform the admin of the
       missing/inaccurate information.
   ** Note: Admin should check admin script (Lines 50-59) for actions before proceeding
    If this information is not accurate, please inform the admin of the missing/inaccurate information.
   12) Click "Study Sessions" in the navigation bar at the top of the screen then click on the dropdown labeled
       "Scheduled Study Sessions". If this option is not available, please inform the admin of the missing option.
   13) The following should be seen:
       "Study session for: Beta Testing
       Scheduled on: 12-10-2022
       Time Frame: 13:00 to 14:00"
       Along with a button labeled "Delete". If this information is not accurate, please inform the admin of the missing/inaccurate information.
   14) Please inform the admin member about any comments on the process to schedule a study session.

Test 7: User is able to delete a study session
   1) If a scheduled study session has not been made, follow Test 6
   2) If the content from step 13 of Test 6 is not already seen, follow step 12 in Test 6
   3) Click on the button labeled "Delete". If this button is not seen, please inform the admin of the missing button.
   4) If no other study sessions have been made, received, or declined the following message should be seen:
      "Note: You currently do not have any study sessions. To create a session you must have either message
      indicated interest in a user's study buddy post or have a post...."
      If other study sessions have been made, received, declined beyond the script here, the above message should not be
      seen. Otherwise if this information is not accurate, please inform the admin of the missing/inaccurate information.
   5) Please inform the admin member about any comments on the process to remove a study session.

Test 8: User is able to see a message once they send a friend to a user in the system
   1) If not already logged in follow Test 1
   2) Click on "Friends" in the navigation bar at the top of the screen. If this option is not available in the
      navigation bar, please inform the admin of the missing option.
   3) Click on the search bar with "example@email.com" as a placeholder
   4) Type "project@email.com"
   5) Click on the button labeled "Send a friend request". If this button is not seen, please inform the admin of the
      missing button.
   6) The following message should be seen:
       "You have successfully sent a friend request to project@email.com, they will show up on your friend list once
       they have accepted your request."
       If this information is not accurate, please inform the admin of the missing/inaccurate information.
   7) Click on the dropdown "Sent Friend Requests", "project@email.com" should be seen. If this email is not seen, please inform the admin of the missing information.
   **Note: Admin should check admin script (Lines 62-66) for actions before proceeding
   8) Refresh the page and click on the dropdown labeled "My Friends"
   9) "project@email.com" along with a button labeled "Unfriend" should be seen. If this information is not accurate,
      please inform the admin of the inaccurate information.
  10) Please inform the admin member about any comments on the process to send friend requests.

Test 9: User is able to see message when they send a friend request to someone they are already friends with
   1) If not already logged in follow Test 1
   2) If not already friends with "project@email.com", follow Test 8
   3) Follow steps 2-5 from Test 8
   4) The following message should be seen:
       "You are already friends with user with email project@email.com. You can see them in the 'My Friends' dropdown"
       If this email is not seen, please inform the admin of the missing email.
   5) Please inform the admin member about any additional comments on the process of adding friends.

Test 10: User is able to change their account profile
   1) If not already logged in, follow Test 1
   2) Click on "My Account" in the navigation bar at the top of the page. If this option is not available in the
      navigation bar, please inform the admin of the missing option.
   3) On the right side of the screen, click on the button labeled "Edit Profile". If this button is not seen, please
      inform the admin of the missing button.
   4) Click on the text box with "About Me:" to the left of it
   5) Type "Nice to meet everyone!"
   6) If "Save Profile" is not already seen on the screen, scroll down and click on the button labeled "Save Profile".
      If this button is not seen, please inform the admin of the missing button.
   7) "Nice to meet everyone!" should be seen on the screen in blue text above "Username". If this information is not
      accurate, please inform the admin of the missing/inaccurate information.
   8) Please inform the admin member about any comments on the process to edit the user profile.

Test 11: User is able to log and return to the login page
   1) If not already logged in, follow Test 1
   2) Click on "Logout <name of the logged in account>". If this option is not available in the navigation bar, please
      inform the admin of the missing option.
   3) "Login with Google" should be seen on the screen. If this information is not accurate, please inform the admin of
      the missing/inaccurate information.

You have finished the beta testing scripts. Please inform admin about any other feedback you have about the UX or
functionality of our website. Thank you so much for participating!
You may also test and comment on other functionalities that you noticed/were interested in during the testing process.
