Beta Testing User Script 2

Thank you for joining our beta testing stage. Please complete the following tests in the order they have been provided.
This script has actions that need to be performed by an admin, ensure that you have an admin with you to guide you in
completing this process. If you encounter any errors throughout the process please inform the admin so we can continue
to improve our website.

To start, go to this link: https://cs-3240-my-study-buddy.herokuapp.com/

Test 1: Google login and on homepage
   1) Click on the button in the center of the screen labeled "Login With Google". If the button is not seen, please
      inform the admin of the missing button.
   2) Try signing in with a Google account (that is a virginia.edu account). If this did not work please inform the
      admin member.
   3) Assuming there was no previous log in, a screen to edit profile should be seen.
   4) Make no edits and click the button labeled "Save Profile". If the button is not seen, please inform the admin of
      the missing button.
   5) The account info page with the logged in email should be seen, if this information is not accurate, please inform
      the admin of the missing/inaccurate information
   6) Click on the words "Study Buddy" in the upper left hand corner
   7) The homepage with "Welcome to the Study Buddy App" should be seen, if this information is not accurate, please
      inform the admin of any missing/inaccurate information
   8) Please inform the admin member about any comments on the login process.

Test 2: User is able to add a course to their own course load
   1) If not logged in on homepage, follow Test 1
   2) Click on "Update Course Schedule" in the middle of the screen. If this is not seen, please inform the admin of the
      missing information.
   3) Click on the search bar with placeholder text of "Search for departments.."
   4) Type "cs"
   5) Click on the button labeled "CS", if this button is not seen, please inform the admin of the missing button.
   6) A screen with "Choose the class you would like to find a study buddy in" bolded should be seen on the screen. If
      this information is not accurate, please inform the admin of the missing/inaccurate information.
   7) Click on the search bar with placeholder text of "Search for courses in CS.."
   8) Type "3240"
   9) Click on the button labeled
       "CS3240: Advanced Software Development Techniques
       Instructor: Mark Sherriff
       (Section: 002)"
       If this button is not seen, please inform the admin of the missing button.
   10) A screen asking "Would you like to enroll in this course?" along with "Yes, enroll in this course." already
       preselected should be seen. If this information is not accurate, please inform the admin of any missing/inaccurate
       information.
   11) Click on the button labeled "Continue". If the button is not seen, please inform the admin of the missing button.
   12) The homepage with "CS 3240 - Section: 002" beneath "Update Course Schedule" should be seen. If this information
       is not accurate, please inform the admin of any missing/inaccurate information.
   13) Please inform the admin member about any comments on the process to a course to the course schedule.

Test 3: User is able to make a post with default values for only the section they are enrolled in
   1) If not logged in on homepage, follow Test 1
   2) If "CS 3240 - Section: 002" is not seen on homepage, follow Test 2 to add course
   3) Click on the button labeled "CS 3240 - Section: 002", located beneath "Update Course Schedule" near the center
      of the screen. If the button is not seen, please inform the admin of the missing button.
   4) The screen should show the following:
       "Find study buddy for:
       CS3240: Advanced Software Development Techniques
       Instructor: Mark Sherriff
       (Section: 002)"
       If this information is not accurate, please inform the admin of any missing/inaccurate information
   5) Click on the button labeled "Create a post!", located on the bottom right of the words from step 4. If this button
      is not seen, please inform the admin of the missing button.
   6) The screen should show the following:
       "Make a study buddy post for:
       CS3240: Advanced Software Development Techniques
       Instructor: Mark Sherriff
       (Section: 002)"
       If this information is not accurate, please inform the admin of any missing/inaccurate information
   7) Do not edit anything on the screen and click the button labeled "Submit Post". If the button is not seen, please
      inform the admin of the missing button.
      **Admin take a look at lines 58-63 in admin script for changes that have been made
   8) The same screen from step 4 should be seen. If this information is not accurate, please inform the admin of any
      missing/inaccurate information.
   9) If not already seen on the screen, scroll down to see "Studybuddy posts for this course" and find the new post
      made in step 7
       "No topic was provided by the author of this post
       Author: <name of user from login>
       Time Frame: <today’s date> to <a week from today>"
      If this information is not accurate, please inform the admin of any missing/inaccurate information.
      **Admin take a look at lines 65-66 in admin script for some inaccurate information to expect
  10) Please inform the admin member about any comments on the process to make a post.

Test 4: User is able to unenroll from a course, but their posts remain
   1) If not logged in on homepage, follow Test 1
   2) If "CS 3240 - Section: 002" is not seen on homepage, follow Test 2 to add course
   3) If a post has not been made, follow Test 3
   4) Follow steps 3 and 4 from Test 3
   5) Click on the button labeled "Remove course from schedule", located near the center of the screen. If this button
      is not seen, please inform the admin of the missing button.
   6) The following message should be seen: "You are already enrolled in this course. Would you like to remove this
      course from your schedule?". Along with "Yes, remove this course from my schedule." preselected. If this
      information is not accurate, please inform the admin of any missing/inaccurate information.
   7) Click on the button labeled "Continue". If the button is not seen, please inform the admin of the missing button.
   8) The home page screen with "Welcome to the Study Buddy App!" should be seen. And "CS 3240 - Section: 002" should no
      longer be listed beneath "Update Course Schedule". If this information is not accurate, please inform the admin of
      any missing/inaccurate information.
   9) Click on "My Posts" in the navigation bar at the top of the screen. If this option is not available, please inform
      the admin of the missing option
   10) Click on the dropdown labeled "Courses you aren't enrolled in, but made posts for"
   11) The post from step 9 of Test 3 should be seen along with 3 buttons labeled "View Course Feed", "Description", and
       "Delete Post". If this information is not accurate, please inform the admin of the inaccurate information.
   12) Click on the button labeled "View Course Feed". If this button is not seen, please inform the admin of the
       missing button.
   13) The screen from step 4 of Test 3 should be seen along with a button labeled "Add course to schedule". If this
       information is not accurate, please inform the admin of the inaccurate information.
   14) Please inform the admin member about any comments on the process to unenroll from a course.

Test 5: User is able to message another user to study together
   **Note: admin should check admin script (Lines 17-31) for actions to perform before testing with the user
   1) If not logged in on homepage, follow Test 1
   2) If "CS 3240 - Section: 002" is not seen on the homepage, follow Test 2 to add course
   3) Look for the following on the screen:
       "Find study buddy for:
       CS3240: Advanced Software Development Techniques
       Instructor: Mark Sherriff
       (Section: 002)"
       If not seen, follow steps 3 and 4 in Test 3
   5) If not already seen on the screen, reload and scroll down to see "Studybuddy posts for this course"
      along with the following post:
      "Beta Testing
      Author: adminX
      Time Frame: 11-22-2022 to 12-09-2022"
      If this information is not accurate, please inform the admin of any missing/inaccurate information.
      **Admin take a look at line 70 in admin script for some inaccurate information to expect
   6) Hover over the button labeled "View Description" and "this post is made for beta testing script 1" should be seen
      as a pop up with a gray background. If this information is not accurate, please inform the admin of the
      missing/inaccurate information.
      **Admin take a look at line 72 in admin script for some inaccurate information to expect
   7) Click on the button labeled "Message Me!". If the button is not seen, please inform the admin of the missing button.
   8) The screen should show the following: "CS3240 - Beta Testing"
      Along with the users in this meeting room: adminX and the name from login, if there isn't a name, the logged in
      email should be seen.
   ** Note: Admin should check admin script (Lines 34-41) for actions before proceeding
   9) Click on the message bar with "Your message" as a placeholder.
   10) Type "Hi! Let's study together!".
   11) Click the button labeled "Send". If the button is not seen, please inform the admin of the missing button.
   ** Note: Admin should check admin script (Lines 43-47) for actions before proceeding
   12) The following message should be seen on the screen: "adminX : Yes!"
   13) Please inform the admin member about any comments on the process to schedule a session and chatting with other users.

Test 6: User should be able to schedule a study session and see alerts when fields are not filled in properly
   1) If the following is not seen in chat rooms: "CS3240 - Beta Testing", follow Test 5
   2) If not already seen on the screen, scroll down to see and click on a button labeled "Schedule Study Session". If
      the button is not seen, please inform the admin of the missing button.
   3) The screen should show the following:
      "Schedule a study session for:
      CS3240 - Beta Testing"
      If this information is not accurate, please inform the admin of the missing/inaccurate information.
   4) Enter "11/01/2022" in the date box to the right of "Date"
   5) Click on the button labeled "Schedule". If the button is not seen, please inform the admin of the missing button.
   6) An alert saying should be seen:
      "All fields must be filled in, the following fields are not filled:
       Start Time
       End Time "
      If this information is not accurate, please inform the admin of the missing/inaccurate information.
   7) Click "Close" or "Ok" or any related button to close the alert (This is different depending on browser)
   8) Enter "01:30 PM" in the time box to the right of "Start Time:"
   9) Click on the button labeled "Schedule". If the button is not seen, please inform the admin of the missing button.
   10) An alert saying should be seen:
      "All fields must be filled in, the following fields are not filled:
       End Time "
       If this information is not accurate, please inform the admin of the missing/inaccurate information.
   11) Click "Close" or "Ok" or any related button to close the alert (This is different depending on browser)
   12) Enter "01:00 PM" in the time box to the right of "End Time:"
   13) Click on the button labeled "Schedule". If the button is not seen, please inform the admin of the missing button.
   14) An alert saying should be seen: "The date of the study session can not happen in the past". If this information
       is not accurate, please inform the admin of the missing/inaccurate information.
   15) Click "Close" or "Ok" or any related button to close the alert (This is different depending on browser)
   16) Change the date box to the right of "Date" to have "12/10/2022" instead of "11/01/2022"
   17) Click on the button labeled "Schedule". If the button is not seen, please inform the admin of the missing button.
   18) An alert saying should be seen: "The end time of the study session must be later than start time of the study
       session"
   19) Click "Close" or "Ok" or any related button to close the alert (This is different depending on browser)
   20) Change the time box to the right of "End Time:" to have "02:00 PM" instead of "01:00 PM"
   21) Click on the button labeled "Schedule". If the button is not seen, please inform the admin of the missing button.
   22) The screen should show the following: "My Upcoming Study Sessions". If this information is not accurate, please
       inform the admin of the missing/inaccurate information.
   10) **Admin check line 76 in admin script for a modification to this instruction
       Click on the dropdown labeled "Sent Study Session Requests"
   11) The following should be seen:
       "Study session for: Beta Testing
       Scheduled on: 12-10-2022
       Time Frame: 13:30 to 14:00"
       Along with a button labeled "Delete". If this information is not accurate, please inform the admin of the
       missing/inaccurate information.
   12) Please inform the admin member about any comments on the alerts/process when scheduling a study session.

Test 7: When user sends an empty message an alert is shown and the message is not sent and user is able to leave chat room
   1) If the following is not seen in chat rooms: "CS3240 - Beta Testing", follow Test 5
   2) Click on "Chat Rooms" in the navigation bar at the top of the screen. If this option is not available, please inform
      the admin of the missing option.
   3) The screen should show the following: "CS3240 - Beta Testing" along with a button labeled "Enter the room to chat!".
      If this information is not accurate, please inform the admin of the missing/inaccurate information.
   4) Click on the button labeled "Enter the room to chat!". If the button is not seen, please inform the admin of the
      missing button.
   5) The screen should show the following: "CS3240 - Beta Testing"
      Along with the user in this meeting room: adminX and the name from login, if there isn't a name, the logged in
      email should be seen. If this information is not accurate, please inform the admin of the missing/inaccurate
      information.
   6) Do not type anything in the message bar and click on the button labeled "Send". If the button is not seen, please
      inform the admin of the missing button.
   7) An alert saying: "The message was empty!" should show up. If this information is not accurate, please inform the
      admin of the missing/inaccurate information.
   ** Note: Admin should check admin script (Lines 50-52) for checks, user may continue to proceed
   8) Click "Close" or "Ok" or any related button to close the alert (This is different depending on browser)
   9) **Admin check line 80 in admin script for a modification to this instruction
      If not already seen, scroll up to find and click on the button labeled "Permanently leave this room". If the
      button is still not seen, please inform the admin of the missing button.
   10) The following message should be seen:
       "You currently do not have any chat rooms. Chat rooms are created if you have indicated interest in another
       user's post, which can be seen on course feed pages or if other users have indicated interest for posts that you
       have made, which can be seen at the 'My Posts' option in the navigation bar at the top of the screen"
   10) Please inform the admin member about any comments on the process to leave the chat room.

Test 8: User is able to log out and return to the login page
   1) If not already logged in, follow Test 1
   2) Click on "Logout <name of the logged in account>". If this option is not available, please inform the admin of the
      missing option.
   3) "Login with Google" should be seen on the screen. If this information is not accurate, please inform the admin of
      the missing/inaccurate information.

You have finished the beta testing scripts. Please inform admin about any other feedback you have about the UX or
functionality of our website. Thank you so much for participating!
You may also test and comment on other functionalities that you noticed/were interested in during the testing process.